[DOCS] Add deletion sub feature privilege for cases (#2219)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/cases-req.asciidoc

| Give full access to manage cases
a|
* `All` for the *Cases* feature
* `All` for the *{connectors-feature}* feature (go to *Management > {connectors-feature}* to set this)

NOTE: Roles without `All` *{connectors-feature}* feature privileges cannot create, add, delete, or modify case connectors.

| Give view-only access for cases | `Read` for the *Cases* feature

> | Give access to view and delete cases | `Read` for the *Cases* feature with the deletion sub-feature enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Give access to view and delete cases | `Read` for the *Cases* feature and the *Delete* sub-feature selected
```

Reviewer: Mainly making this suggestion so users know exactly what to look for. Also changed "enabled" to "selected" to align the verb it with our [UI writing tips](https://wiki.elastic.co/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=105914797#Writingforandabouttheuserinterface(UI)-Choosingtherightword).
